Created with UCDetector 1.10.0	2014-11-17 16:38:11	http://www.ucdetector.org/	
Location	Description	Java	Marker	Author
cn.sunyard.encrypt.Base64.<init>(Base64.java:3)	Class "Base64" has 0 references	Base64	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
cn.sunyard.location.LocationSlideControl.<init>(LocationSlideControl.java:20)	Class "LocationSlideControl" has 0 references	LocationSlideControl	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
cn.sunyard.location.SearchResultAdapter.<init>(SearchResultAdapter.java:15)	Class "SearchResultAdapter" has 0 references	SearchResultAdapter	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
cn.sunyard.model.AppModel.<init>(AppModel.java:66)	Interface "AppModel.Observer" has 0 references	AppModel.Observer	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
cn.sunyard.ui.PageIndicatorView.<init>(PageIndicatorView.java:15)	Class "PageIndicatorView" has 0 references	PageIndicatorView	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
cn.sunyard.ui.gallery.adapter.AdapterWheel.<init>(AdapterWheel.java:11)	Class "AdapterWheel" has 0 references	AdapterWheel	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
cn.sunyard.ui.gallery.adapter.ArrayWheelAdapter.<init>(ArrayWheelAdapter.java:9)	Class "ArrayWheelAdapter" has 0 references	ArrayWheelAdapter	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
cn.sunyard.ui.gallery.adapter.NumericWheelAdapter.<init>(NumericWheelAdapter.java:8)	Class "NumericWheelAdapter" has 0 references	NumericWheelAdapter	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
cn.sunyard.util.MultiDialog.<init>(MultiDialog.java:18)	Class "MultiDialog" has 0 references	MultiDialog	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
cn.sunyard.util.WidgetUtil.<init>(WidgetUtil.java:6)	Class "WidgetUtil" has 0 references	WidgetUtil	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
cn.sunyard.verify.CustomSecurity.<init>(CustomSecurity.java:17)	Class "CustomSecurity" has 0 references	CustomSecurity	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	pengxue
com.chinaums.adapter.SelectCardSpinnerAdapter.<init>(SelectCardSpinnerAdapter.java:20)	Class "SelectCardSpinnerAdapter" has 0 references	SelectCardSpinnerAdapter	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	Administrator
com.chinaums.mpos.DeviceInfo.<init>(DeviceInfo.java:3)	Class "DeviceInfo" has 0 references	DeviceInfo	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
com.chinaums.pospassport.POSPassportPayActivity.<init>(POSPassportPayActivity.java:314)	Member class "POSPassportPayActivity.POSPassportBindCardItemInfo" has 0 references	POSPassportPayActivity.POSPassportBindCardItemInfo	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	Xuechao Wang <br/>
com.chinaums.pospassport.POSPassportUnBindActivity.<init>(POSPassportUnBindActivity.java:327)	Member class "POSPassportUnBindActivity.POSPassportBindCardItemInfo" has 0 references	POSPassportUnBindActivity.POSPassportBindCardItemInfo	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	Xuechao Wang <br/>
com.google.zxing.client.android.Intents.<init>(Intents.java:160)	Member class "Intents.History" has 0 references	Intents.History	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	dswitkin@google.com (Daniel Switkin)
com.google.zxing.client.android.Intents.<init>(Intents.java:168)	Member class "Intents.Encode" has 0 references	Intents.Encode	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	dswitkin@google.com (Daniel Switkin)
com.google.zxing.client.android.Intents.<init>(Intents.java:206)	Member class "Intents.SearchBookContents" has 0 references	Intents.SearchBookContents	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	dswitkin@google.com (Daniel Switkin)
com.google.zxing.client.android.Intents.<init>(Intents.java:226)	Member class "Intents.WifiConnect" has 0 references	Intents.WifiConnect	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	dswitkin@google.com (Daniel Switkin)
com.google.zxing.client.android.Intents.<init>(Intents.java:251)	Member class "Intents.Share" has 0 references	Intents.Share	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	dswitkin@google.com (Daniel Switkin)
com.google.zxing.client.android.CaptureActivityOld.<init>(CaptureActivityOld.java:70)	Class "CaptureActivityOld" has 0 references	CaptureActivityOld	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	dswitkin@google.com (Daniel Switkin)
com.google.zxing.client.android.Contents.<init>(Contents.java:27)	Class "Contents" has 0 references	Contents	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	dswitkin@google.com (Daniel Switkin)
com.google.zxing.client.android.Contents.<init>(Contents.java:31)	Member class "Contents.Type" has 0 references	Contents.Type	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	dswitkin@google.com (Daniel Switkin)
com.google.zxing.client.android.HttpHelper.<init>(HttpHelper.java:37)	Class "HttpHelper" has 0 references	HttpHelper	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
com.sinonet.chinaums.home.resourcepack.model.BizGroup.<init>(BizGroup.java:21)	Class "BizGroup" has 0 references	BizGroup	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
com.sunyard.chinaums.common.adapter.MyCardAdapter.<init>(MyCardAdapter.java:26)	Class "MyCardAdapter" has 0 references	MyCardAdapter	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	Xuechao Wang <br/>
com.sunyard.chinaums.common.adapter.OrderUnPayAdapter.<init>(OrderUnPayAdapter.java:24)	Class "OrderUnPayAdapter" has 0 references	OrderUnPayAdapter	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	huangyuchao
com.sunyard.chinaums.common.adapter.PaySelectorAdapter.<init>(PaySelectorAdapter.java:21)	Class "PaySelectorAdapter" has 0 references	PaySelectorAdapter	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	Allan
com.sunyard.chinaums.common.bean.CardInfo.<init>(CardInfo.java:4)	Class "CardInfo" has 0 references	CardInfo	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
com.sunyard.chinaums.common.bean.CommonBean.<init>(CommonBean.java:3)	Class "CommonBean" has 0 references	CommonBean	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
com.sunyard.chinaums.common.bean.Industry.<init>(Industry.java:3)	Class "Industry" has 0 references	Industry	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
com.sunyard.chinaums.common.bean.LocationCityInfo.<init>(LocationCityInfo.java:3)	Class "LocationCityInfo" has 0 references	LocationCityInfo	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
com.sunyard.chinaums.common.callback.ICallBackString.<init>(ICallBackString.java:3)	Interface "ICallBackString" has 0 references	ICallBackString	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
com.sunyard.chinaums.common.callback.IPayTypeSelector.<init>(IPayTypeSelector.java:3)	Interface "IPayTypeSelector" has 0 references	IPayTypeSelector	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
com.sunyard.chinaums.common.cons.UmsConstant.<init>(UmsConstant.java:39)	Interface "UmsConstant.MainPagesFlags" has 0 references	UmsConstant.MainPagesFlags	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
com.sunyard.chinaums.common.cons.UmsConstant.<init>(UmsConstant.java:49)	Interface "UmsConstant.SaleType" has 0 references	UmsConstant.SaleType	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
com.sunyard.chinaums.common.cons.UmsConstant.<init>(UmsConstant.java:210)	Enum "UmsConstant.OrderFunctionTagTable" has 0 references	UmsConstant.OrderFunctionTagTable	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
com.sunyard.chinaums.common.cons.UmsConstant.<init>(UmsConstant.java:251)	Enum "UmsConstant.ImageScope" has 0 references	UmsConstant.ImageScope	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
com.sunyard.chinaums.common.cons.UmsConstant.<init>(UmsConstant.java:281)	Interface "UmsConstant.AddBusinessType" has 0 references	UmsConstant.AddBusinessType	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
com.sunyard.chinaums.common.net.HttpRequest.<init>(HttpRequest.java:18)	Class "HttpRequest" has 0 references	HttpRequest	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
com.sunyard.chinaums.common.request.BaseBodyRequestInfo.<init>(BaseBodyRequestInfo.java:14)	Class "BaseBodyRequestInfo" has 0 references	BaseBodyRequestInfo	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	Allan
com.sunyard.chinaums.common.request.IRequestData.<init>(IRequestData.java:4)	Interface "IRequestData" has 0 references	IRequestData	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
com.sunyard.chinaums.common.request.PictureInfo.<init>(PictureInfo.java:3)	Class "PictureInfo" has 0 references	PictureInfo	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
com.sunyard.chinaums.common.response.ResponseCityInfo.<init>(ResponseCityInfo.java:5)	Class "ResponseCityInfo" has 0 references	ResponseCityInfo	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
com.sunyard.chinaums.common.response.ResponseIndustry.<init>(ResponseIndustry.java:6)	Class "ResponseIndustry" has 0 references	ResponseIndustry	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
com.sunyard.chinaums.common.response.ResponseOrderContentInfo.<init>(ResponseOrderContentInfo.java:5)	Class "ResponseOrderContentInfo" has 0 references	ResponseOrderContentInfo	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
com.sunyard.chinaums.common.util.CalculateDistance.<init>(CalculateDistance.java:9)	Class "CalculateDistance" has 0 references	CalculateDistance	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	hyc
com.sunyard.chinaums.common.util.Json2XML.<init>(Json2XML.java:9)	Class "Json2XML" has 0 references	Json2XML	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
com.sunyard.chinaums.common.util.UPPayUtils.<init>(UPPayUtils.java:7)	Class "UPPayUtils" has 0 references	UPPayUtils	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
com.sunyard.chinaums.common.util.Utility.<init>(Utility.java:8)	Class "Utility" has 0 references	Utility	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
com.sunyard.chinaums.ilife.request.IRequestUserInfo.<init>(IRequestUserInfo.java:17)	Class "IRequestUserInfo" has 0 references	IRequestUserInfo	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	hyc
com.sunyard.chinaums.user.request.RequestBoxAuthToken.<init>(RequestBoxAuthToken.java:13)	Class "RequestBoxAuthToken" has 0 references	RequestBoxAuthToken	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	Huanwen Qu
com.sunyard.chinaums.user.request.RequestBoxAuthentication.<init>(RequestBoxAuthentication.java:15)	Class "RequestBoxAuthentication" has 0 references	RequestBoxAuthentication	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	Huanwen Qu
com.sunyard.chinaums.user.request.RequestVADealDetail.<init>(RequestVADealDetail.java:10)	Class "RequestVADealDetail" has 0 references	RequestVADealDetail	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
com.sunyard.chinaums.user.request.RequestVAQuickRecharge.<init>(RequestVAQuickRecharge.java:9)	Class "RequestVAQuickRecharge" has 0 references	RequestVAQuickRecharge	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
com.sunyard.chinaums.user.request.RequestVAResetPassword.<init>(RequestVAResetPassword.java:9)	Class "RequestVAResetPassword" has 0 references	RequestVAResetPassword	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
com.sunyard.chinaums.user.request.RequestVAUserBalance.<init>(RequestVAUserBalance.java:9)	Class "RequestVAUserBalance" has 0 references	RequestVAUserBalance	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
com.sunyard.chinaums.user.response.ResponseNewCardPayConfirm.<init>(ResponseNewCardPayConfirm.java:6)	Class "ResponseNewCardPayConfirm" has 0 references	ResponseNewCardPayConfirm	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
com.sunyard.chinaums.user.response.ResponseRegister.<init>(ResponseRegister.java:3)	Class "ResponseRegister" has 0 references	ResponseRegister	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
com.sunyard.chinaums.user.response.ResponseVAQuickRecharge.<init>(ResponseVAQuickRecharge.java:6)	Class "ResponseVAQuickRecharge" has 0 references	ResponseVAQuickRecharge	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
com.sunyard.chinaums.user.response.ResponseVAResetPassword.<init>(ResponseVAResetPassword.java:6)	Class "ResponseVAResetPassword" has 0 references	ResponseVAResetPassword	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
com.sunyard.chinaums.user.response.ResponseVAUserBalance.<init>(ResponseVAUserBalance.java:12)	Class "ResponseVAUserBalance" has 0 references	ResponseVAUserBalance	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
com.sunyard.chinaums.user.response.ResponseVAVertifyCode.<init>(ResponseVAVertifyCode.java:3)	Class "ResponseVAVertifyCode" has 0 references	ResponseVAVertifyCode	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
com.sunyard.chinaums.user.response.ResponseVAdealDetail.<init>(ResponseVAdealDetail.java:6)	Class "ResponseVAdealDetail" has 0 references	ResponseVAdealDetail	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
com.wbtech.ums.common.ReadErrorLog.<init>(ReadErrorLog.java:22)	Class "ReadErrorLog" has 0 references	ReadErrorLog	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	
org.metalev.multitouch.controller.MultiTouchController.<init>(MultiTouchController.java:62)	Class "MultiTouchController" has 0 references	MultiTouchController	org.ucdetector.analyzeMarkerReference	Luke Hutchison
